# Use Cases

## Why to Use an ISB with an Abstraction Layer

The purpose of this document is to give an idea about why the use an ISB architecture on the factory floor is needed and why should be independent from specific products.
Over the length of several meetings and workshops use cases views were collected which describe scenarios that are important in production environments.

> ### Disclaimer
>
> The following use cases are not a complete list. They are meant to motivate some of the reasons for creating the framework.

### Uninterrupted production

Uplink to the Internet should not affect productive systems and information should at least continue to flow between locally connected machines and services.
Production data required to guarantee quality and services delivered from the production floor should be redundantly available at all times.

### MES Connection to production data

The connection of installed MES systems with an ISB interface for data exchange should be available at all times.  
At the same time it is important that the data exchange is independent in terms of e.g. firmware updates of the production machine, which could cause a change in data formats generated by machines.
If it is changed as early as possible (at the IoT Edge level) there is no need to adjust the MES system.  
The data should be available via pull and push.

### Change in production environment (planned and unplanned)

Several situations can happen:

- Machines move into different factory areas
- Machine software is updated
- Machines break down (backup & restore)
- Scaling

Again, a bidirectional data flow (from and to) an ISB system is needed.

### Secure lifecycle for adapters (i.e. machines)

Authentication, authorization and accounting should be implemented as modules, which e.g. connect to the ISB.  
Secure Device Onboarding (SDO) should be given in this process.

### Secure lifecycle for the ISB / edge solution

The ISB and all of the IoT Edge components should be updateable and secured.
In this context, especially updates to the firmware and containers of the ISB architecture need to be addressed.
This should be done centrally and as automated as possible.

### Local data exchange

Data into, from and within should be delivered in a reliable way, since every data point could be crucial in terms of securing the quality of the production.  
The data should also be available locally.
Reasons for this are the speed (i.e. throughput and latency) of data connections and the data availability in case of Internet connection loss.

### Seperation of responsibilities

In many companies there are several departments which have to deal with Information Technology.
Using an ISB will enable to clearly define responsibilities for e.g. shop floor IT, central IT and OT departments.

The following example may clarify this in a better way:

- Central IT services provides Azure IoT Edge, module stores and DevOps environments
- Shop floor IT configures and maintains the solution including data governance topics

The idea is to have local responsibilities in delivering a local service.  
Another way to look at it might be as a seperation between infrastructure operations and application operation.

### Serviceability

Addresing the open source challenges:

- Is the product available for more than 10 years?
- Is commercial support available?
- If the solution fits the requirements perfectly, does the solution provider have a specific size? Has the supporter community a critical mass?
- Total Cost of Ownership (TCO)—Who will maintain the solution?
